Hi guys in this lab were going to cover CloudHSM. So CloudHSM is a implementation of a hardware
security module.
So that's a device which securely stores encryption keys you use CloudHSM to meet corporate contractual
or regulatory compliance requirements for data security.
So wherever you see questions that state that those kind of regulations or compliance requirements exist
and encryption keys must be cleared on a hardware device or hardware security module.
CloudHSM is the way to go.
So if CloudHSM you can securely generate store and manage cryptographic keys used for data encryption
in a way that the keys are only accessible to you.
So it's a dedicated device for your use only.
And having this hardware security module means that the keys are stored within a tamper resistant hardware
device.
Now before we carry on we've actually creating a CloudHSM cluster.
I just wanted to show you a slide what we're looking at here is a bit of history because in the middle
column there you can see the classic CloudHSM.
So this is the way CloudHSM was until relatively recently and then it moved over to the current
CloudHSM.
That's quite a big change here and it's certainly reduced the amount of price of actually implementing
that CloudHSM device.
So it's definitely a big plus.
And I wanted to present this to you just so that you understand this is something that's changed within
the last couple of years and it's probably going to be the latest version will be on the exam rather
than the classic but it just gives you an understanding of how things have changed and might sort of
skew requirements one way or another.
So with the classic CloudHSM that used a third party device called a Safe Net Luna and it required
you to pay five thousand dollars upfront and if you wanted high availability you needed another device.
And in terms of security requirements it meets the FIPS 140-2 Level 2 standard. Current cloud
HSM is a proprietary AWS device.
There's no upfront costs you just have to pay per usage.
It's clustered across multiple Availability Zones and it meets FIPS 140-2 level 3 Standard.
So that's just a little bit about understanding the history of CloudHSM.
Let's get over to the console and actually create ourselves a cluster.
So in the console here we can just choose create cluster and or we have to do a select a VPC and then
select the availability zones within that VPC and you can have one availability zone.
Excuse me you can have one subnet per availability zone.
And in this case we're going to create a new cluster.
So we choose next and we choose Create cluster.
Now before you do that just bear in mind this is not going to be AWS free tier so you may pay a charge
for using this device.
We won't have it running for long but if you do choose to go down that path then you might incur some
costs.
So I'm going to just choose Create cluster and we now have a crate in progress the cluster is ready to
be initialized now.
And but what I want to do is I'm just going to hit on the question mark here and it tells you a little
bit more about the clusters.
So we have clusters you get multiple hardware security modules which are kept in sync as part of the
cluster.
So when you make changes on one then it's replicated to another one.
So you can have one to 28 and if you just scroll down a bit here it shows you the architecture.
So in this case we've done something very similar to this.
We've chosen a VPC and we've chosen multiple subnets in that VPC and you can see what actually happens
is an elastic network interface is put into your VPC which connects which connects you all VPC to the
hardware security module.
So the devices won't actually appear within your VPC they're elsewhere but you can actually see them
via the elastic network interface which means your applications can then use the cryptographic keys
that are stored on the HSN.
So you also get synchronization between each of you CloudHSMs.
And additionally on top of that you get high availability and load balancing because CloudHSM automatically
distributes the connections between or the operations that is between each of the major Sims in the
cluster.
So it's worth having a read of this article just to understand CloudHSM better.
Let's go back to the console and we can click on a mission initialize so to initialize the cluster you
have to actually create the hardware security module.
And in this case we can choose an availability zone and then choose create.
And it tells us that the hate you Sam is taking a few minutes to be created.
So a few minutes of past and we're now at a point where we can click next to continue with initializing
the cluster or the hate you send for that matter.
So we click on Next.
So it now tells us that you need to download a certificate signing request and then sign it and we can
continue by clicking next.
And then next again and now what we need to do is upload the signed cluster certificate and the issuing
certificate.
Now it's going beyond the scope of the exam to actually go through all the steps of actually signing
creating and completing this configuration.
Really what you need to know for the exam is the differences between KMS and CloudHSM.
And when you'd use them what are the use cases.
So we're actually gonna leave it here.
And what I'm gonna do is just click on cancel and we can go into our cluster and just choose Delete
cluster and delete and we get an error so what we actually have to do is go in and delete our CloudHSM
first.
So let's just go in we have an active CloudHSM. We can see the elastic network interface address of this
HSM as well and the availability zone that it's in and let's just click on delete and it took a few
minutes but now the CloudHSM has been deleted so we can go back up to clusters and delete cluster.
Now before we finish this lab I just wanted to bring an article to your attention.
This is the getting started with AWS CloudHSM.
So if you do want to take it a bit further and fully create a cluster.
This has all these different topics for understanding in full and you can set up through both the console
or the command line and connect to Linux or Windows client to the cluster and so on.
So if you want to take it a bit further you need to know if your job or you just want more information
and more understanding.
Have a look at this article and follow through the steps.